all right lads this is fana from
frenetic array and this is Venice
fundamentals this is the start of the
bronze section the start of the actual
leagues if I'm to be honest like these
leaked sections they're not you don't
need to do them um you know the whole
bowl of this guide is just to improve
your mechanics the thing about these
league things is that they're going to
give you bills that allow you to like
have stepping stones little goals where
you can impress like go up the ladders
but if you just want you to improve your
mechanics you could just do the what
what you did last in the last video you
know just practice everything at once
with harder and harder builds so instead
of just doing the two base build you
could just do a three base build in
single player but the thing is about
that like that is incredibly tedious
it's not very exciting it doesn't give
you actual goals to aspire to whereas
this like you can try and do this and
then you're going to get a promotion
which is going to be really nice so
we're going to jump straight into this
build here let me get it up on this
monitor yep there we go and I've just
got me a nice fresh new bronze account
and so we'll be doing this and yeah so
these builds are just gonna be we're
still gonna be focusing purely on
mechanics the bilge just give you a
point that they're just they're soo
they're just good builds that you don't
need to scout with so you don't need to
scout with these builds that's the whole
point the whole focus is just to focus
on yourself you won't get a hundred
percent win rate with these builds but
again that's not the point like the
point is to focus on mechanics whilst
achieving a new league so we're going to
focus on these mechanics first of all
we've got a 9 Overlord and then yeah
nice and easy so again we want to focus
on the mechanics that we've learned
before so it seems we build no board we
want to spread him it doesn't matter
where let's put him on this ledge but we
want to do all mechanics that will learn
so far because it's going to give us
such a good habit and again once we get
to 10 supply just set those camera
hotkeys um you won't need them too much
in this one clue 21 base bill but they
will help the injecting later on you can
also try to do some grown start
and if you want if this is going to be a
bit too easy like you've been practicing
the last section quite a bit you think
of one based bills too easy do some
drone stock in you just stuck the drone
on the closest mineral pouch and you get
a bit more mining that way something
it's only really small but it's what all
the good players do so next up we've got
a 15 spawning pool so we're going to
throw that down as soon as we get to 15
supply there we go move him down let's
go is spawning pool and then we're going
to get hazed 16 gasps 15 overload 15
Queen to zerglings road horn what did I
say 16 gasps you're 16 gasps come on it
always seems so slow 16 gas then we're
going to wait for this we're gonna get a
15 overload first we're going to spread
him and yeah this is just having a look
at the bill like keep it nice and simple
like you don't want to waste a p.m. so
that's why I'm not spamming right now
which you might see a lot of pro players
do we it's not really good to get in the
habit of that like you don't need to
spam it all put these guys on the gas
then we're going to wait for the Queen
and then we need to get a queen to
zerglings a drone and a road warrior
here we go Queen to zerglings put them
in the control group and then we're
going to get one more drone and then
we're going to get a roach warren yep
that's what we're gonna do come on a
roach horan on 20 supply and then we may
yet to biloba lot and then we're just
going to spam roaches and we're just
going to go at his base so the point of
this is we don't need to scout we can
practice very basic mechanics so again
this is bronze leak so obviously it
doesn't need to be very complex at all
we just need to build roaches and kill
them which is really good so we've got
the wings in the control group we've got
this on we don't want to miss any Inga
injects and that is one of the most
important things and then we're just
going to rally roaches we're just going
to put them all in the control group
remember to shift egg the roaches it's
extremely important it's such a good
mechanic to learn and get as a habit so
here we go again roaches shift AG in
them so they're straight in the control
group
get ready to inject again and make sure
you don't get supply blocked make sure
you spread all the applause make sure
you inject and that'll all be good so
here we go come in with an injects and
then build in the roaches and put them
in the control group and then as soon as
these five eggs pop we're going to go an
attack on then one of the most important
things to look at here as well is the
timing so let's see when these five
roaches pop and you should be aiming to
hit the same timing as well here we go
fire roaches are going to pop and the
timing is about 5 10 on the clock so now
we're going to move across them up we're
going to keep building roaches we're
going to shift egged them into the group
and we're on 37 supply now so I'm going
to go ahead and get another Overlord
after this inject there we go and I'm
going to spread him somewhere let's
stick and donia build some more roaches
shift egg them into the group keep
building them and just no shift egg and
build roaches just as fast as you can
like this is the whole point like we're
getting good mechanics from this and
yeah that's pretty much the build now we
just go kill them make sure to a move
and we're going to need another Overlord
as well overlord yes so there we go and
now we just make sure a move make sure
to keep adding roaches into the group
make sure you don't miss injects like I
just did actually I didn't but keep on
it into the group and there you go naive
won the game no bronzy will be able to
hold this bill well they might do like
some bronzes will do some weird stuff
where they go like just mask on and on
one base and you won't be able to kill
them but like I said the goal isn't to
get one hundred percent win rate with
this build but it will give you a win
rate that will allow you to win so will
allow you to get promoted so yeah that's
the building now I'm going to go and
show you an example game so have a look
at the example example game if you want
i recommend practice in this until
you've got the time is down so those
roaches popped at five ten you want to
try and get them pop in at 5 10 as well
if you don't well if you get them in
like between 5 10 5 20 that's good but
um if they're any later just keep
practicing it more in single player but
once you got the time is down just take
a lot of Gupta so late so it'll be good
all right poor bernetta Caray there
welcome to Venice fundamentals here we
go that my first ladder game on this
bottom to hell
ahead and do this bronze bill making
sure
k